docs(configuration): update `setupMiddlewares` example (#5875)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/dev-server.mdx

        response.send('setup-middlewares option GET');
      });

>       // Use `unshift` method if you want to run a middleware before others
>       // or when you are migrating from `onBeforeSetupMiddleware` option

Author: ```suggestion
      // Use `unshift` method if you want to run a middleware before every other middleware
      // or when you are migrating from the `onBeforeSetupMiddleware` option
```

      middlewares.unshift({
        name: 'fist-in-array',
        // `path` is optional
        path: '/foo/path',
        middleware: (req, res) => {
          res.send('Foo!');
        },
      });

>       // Use `push` method if you want to run a middleware after others
>       // or when you are migrating from the `onAfterSetupMiddleware` option

Author: ```suggestion
      // Use the `push` method if you want to run a middleware after all other middlewares
      // or when you are migrating from the `onAfterSetupMiddleware` option
```
